Huhua, first of all, there was no support from Zhao Yuerchen,
It is an ancient method that no one can open except your son and minister.
If you don’t want to give, you don’t want to give.
What kind of boundaries are you looking for?
Huhua, no worries,
Erchen is definitely the one you are looking for,
If you don’t believe it, you are,
I am also willing to do something,
Come and try it,
This is your plan to help me,
Confirmed that the soul is broken, I am deceived,
Son, what's the matter? Enough.
I really want this thing.
Since my son's attack, my third brother has stayed with me.
Seeing my father face to face, who is at the public gate?
Erchen, Erchen, Erchen, Erchen, Erchen, fully automatic
Are you coming and going today?
And it’s not time to do anything now
The third brother of a person is unhappy The third brother